Young Master
He is Yuxin Mei
Yeah, never mind.
Is it impossible
He is a fool
A fool who even looks down on me
How could he be the young master of the divine eagle?
Did God make you wrong?
Enough Yuling
I told you not to yell here
That's not possible.
You are the big shot today, right?
Look at us
We will be your dog.
One for you
And money paves the way for you
I'm here to serve you both
Don't make this joke, okay?
knowingly layman
Also send me money
Do you need this money?
Xiaoru, these are your money.
How about I said your money is not enough for my apprentice
Now you admit it.
Your grandfather let you pick up 2,000
One more person to marry me
Now you know you regret it
Brother-in-law, I was wrong.
I don't know Tarzan
It's all this bitch's fault
I'll give it back to you.
Didn't you just call me a fool?
It's called brother-in-law now
I don't have a bitch like you
Comrade brother-in-law
Lorraine, get out of this castle
Don't let one moth ruin an entire company